hey guys what's up the way super Hardy
ex back here with another video and
today we're going to be talking about
sting again I mentioned in one of our
previous videos that I'm staying he's in
the BB 2k15 video game and he had all
but said that he is basically in the BB
and we know that he signed the legends
deal and today we've been given some
very good news staying as a score is of
course with the BB he'll not be getting
an action figure um he said that of
course he were over the years he's
always wanted about the WB and there's
been times where he's been very close to
going to the WB and over the past I
guess you could say on ever since WC
have you closed he's always it always
just hasn't worked out for him I guess
you could say and he finally has done
business with lizard man and no so now
he's uh we get to see if he'll ever
compete the WB he said it would be great
to compete in the Derby he would love to
have matches with guys at Triple H John
Cena and Randy Orton you know he does
regret not having a match with the
Undertaker I'll ever at WrestleMania he
probably will never have a mattress down
to take er which would probably be the
biggest draw sting could ever be present
to the WB if he ever had a match in the
WV because stingrays and shakers one of
those dream matches that has never
happened and it's been you know
fantasized by wrestling fans ever since
the two characters became alike so do I
think staying in the Undertaker will
ever have a match in my mind I don't
think they'll ever have a match since
the Undertaker he's he's beat down he is
concussed to you he's not really looking
in the best shape after his magic Brock
Lesnar's been kind of like that ever
since
maybe since WrestleMania 27 I with his
match against Triple H I know he didn't
show up for a full year and after that
and then he came back and then after
that he wasn't back until WrestleMania
28 he came now then he came back for
estimated twenty nine and he was in
really bad shape and he still had a
great manager CM Punk and then after
that of course he left for a year came
back and then had a match to Brock
Lesnar and that's when the streak ended
and so it Undertaker's and all think
he's in the best shape to have a
mattress thing so I don't see this
mattress thing happening and if things
ever gonna have Russell matching WB
which I do think he will it's most
likely just going to be against someone
like John Cena Randy Orton no Roman
reigns you know just um maybe give them
the rub you know by protecting a match
with the legend but yeah that's pretty
much the only thing that I could see
happening if sting were to have a match
with the dead to be I do see it
happening he is kind of told us that we
will probably see him in the ring so
yeah if you want to go see the actual
interview you can go down the
description down below there will be a
link and yeah I hope you enjoyed this
video and and yeah hopefully we get to
see more things including sting I think
the action figure looks awesome and yeah
so yeah hopefully we'll see more things
to come out of this and yeah thanks for
watching this video make sure to LIKE
comment and subscribe